Docs Updates for Client Counting non-entity tokens (#13134)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/client-count.mdx

### Non-entity Tokens

> If you chose to use the [Token Auth Method](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/token) without an identity to avoid driving up client count, always assign each token to a role and entity alias. HashiCorp recommends creating a [Token Role](https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/auth/token#create-update-token-role) first, with allowable entity aliases and issuing your token with the appropriate [role and entity alias name](https://www.vaultproject.io/api-docs/auth/token#create-token). This is the name that will uniquely identify the client, no matter how many tokens are issued. See more on entity alias below.

Reviewer: you could optionally change the page reference link paths here as well

## Auditing clients

> As of Vault 1.9, the Vault Audit Log will contain a `client_id` field in the request. The `client_id` field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Vault 1.9, the Vault Audit Log contains a `client_id` field in the request. The `client_id` field
```
